a together i want a second one
start lookbook for the month of december
today is saturday we have the 15
december and i want to start this
outfit that's a very simple one
But she still thinks outfit very much
nice it is completely black with one
pulli i have from primark of something
Knitted rough and that's why I'm wearing
including a basic shirt in
I have sunscreen tone and I have too
from primark I wear it underneath
a length with these very many
sparkling stones and yet such
sweet ballerina I have of Gabor
and yes, if you are wondering how I am
winter a length and ballerinas
I can wear and that is what I wear
including a pantyhose
a longer and then the
lengths so I think that works
wonderful and yes we are all the time
been traveling in the car something
shopping and there the ballerinas are enough
It does not work out that way anymore
a lot of snow
I still wear this brown
black scarf
then I really like to wear it
and this bag i got from
Freimark now you can the ballerinas
the leggings and the length of the jackets times
take a closer look
The jacket was really nice
you do not have to freeze anymore
I still wear them as I said
Leggings with the many glittering stones
and I have the feeling that the
really very well attached
so far I have no glitter
I lost then lost stones
still these ballerinas are as said
They from Gabor have a whole
Pretty sweep friends on it together
today is the 19th
Twelfth and I wanted my today
show outfit today I wear mine
favorite jacket I have last
bought two years it is such a
cards for a day
and he is in
inside with leo per day fills the do
I really like it
I also wear my own
thick scarf determined by zara and you
my freedom has been noticed
bag broke and that's why
I now carry this bag through
a long time in the cabinet that is too
a prime mark and I do not think so
that they still exist but I wear them
this bag now as a school bag now
I also show you my outfit
a colleague is still very much under it
easy airy and I have with me
privately bought the eight euro cost
it is long but I wear too
safety and easy so it's not too
cold is still a bock that is this
atec rock by hahn down the euro 5
cost me euro , I wear it then
times the glittering leggings and my
doctor marks process you can the
see doctor marks more closely and that is
my outfit and then we'll see you in the
next on hit hey we come together
to the last outfit of the lookbook today
I wear my favorite as always
Jacket bought more because number
this is a capital parker and even
fed with this leo inside
I really like him and he loves it
is really very diverse
combined
Today I wear only a simple one
basic top I have with primark
bought that is just so one with
a bag here on the chest front and
that is really very close
I'll wear one on that
simple black wool scarf back then
unfortunately no longer where from who is and then
still my pants
i got that from sarah , that's one of those
a light blue jeans that this
Outfit, in my opinion , is
this roos golden watch of me
yesterday bought from the outdoor pool and the
I'll get you right now
I still wear names
I got this doctor's car in
Hamburg
doctor martin store bought this
elaborate plateau and you will
afterwards to see it again from near
that's the role golden watch the
I bought myself yesterday at great
the highlight of this watch is for me
this leo pattern on the dial
I really like that she is something
But I think that's cool too
You can also pull it over a sweater
Wear this watch and that only has
cost six euros now you can the
must brands doctor again from near
they are black
patent leather we have just this front
I also think silver-colored holes
really cool and striking just this
plateau
they are from the angel's collection
this is the model from 1490 I hope
you liked this gap that was yes
the second for the month of december
writes to me in any case that times
outfit you liked the best and
what inspires you so much
could
and then I 'm looking forward to the next one
video with you and then I wish you
Have a nice day until my
next video